young Jamie 3 2 1 ladies gentlemen my
favorite farmer yo you're my favorite
farmer I'm your favorite farmer yeah I
don't know that many of them but you're
number one all right I have a feeling
that I don't quite farm the things you
would rather use
what do you mean like marijuana is
always try saying I wasn't gonna say it
but if you're gonna bring it up I love
wine dude you make fucking killer wine
okay I'm a fan of you want so there you
go
I have yet to try your food but I want
to I didn't even know what an Austria
was until I talked to you see I didn't
know or that use falcons to kill birds
and that fucking thing sent me it's dope
as fuck yeah so you have hired Falcon
you hired up a person in a couple that
raises Falcons to kill pigeons that are
fucking with starlings sparrows anything
anything that's messing with the grapes
they have that these Falcons come
through and then the thing is the
collector birds in the area they'll have
a memory of that so like if you have
this hawk come through the the vineyard
and they just pulverizing those feathers
everywhere that the community of birds
kind of go oh I don't think we should go
this way we should go that way the cage
with the feathers everywhere and then
the pigeons on the other side is like
what yeah that's a snag I was in Venice
recently last week I'm still jet-lagged
I'm completely fucked I haven't slept
solid in five whole days my body does
not know what's going on I'll go to
sleep completely exhausted and I'll wake
up two hours later feeling like shit and
I can't go back to sleep but when I was
in Venice there was a guy with a falcon
he had a falcon with him and I was like
why does have a falcon and then the
fucking pigeons come in like crazy and
when the guys there with the Falcon that
the pigeons just ghosts they're gone
they take off so this guy stands there
by the dock in Venice as the gondoliers
pull up and he's just got this Falcon
just sitting there too so that the
people can eat their food the pigeons
are insanely aggressive it's a
ridiculous place until they see they see
that Falcon done fuck this yeah the RC
videos online where the Mongols use they
use Eagles golden eagle
to hunt for wolves come on dude
it's wild an eagle which weighs like
what 15 20 pounds they fuck wolves up
they swoop these wolves are just running
for their life as death swarms down from
the sky we were gonna use the drone to
get some footage of the Falcons and
we're like she's like yeah that's
probably not a good idea yeah cuz the
blades he goes no no your drone cuz the
Falcons will go full force into your
drone and destroy it so whatever you
paid for it try getting the insurance
company and going hey my drone broke
what did you do
you're a falcon they're gonna go yeah
good luck well Parrish and falcons don't
they go like 200 miles an hour you're
the fastest animal on the planet boom
fuck fuck what 200 miles an hour yeah
destroy your drone I mean that didn't he
make sense well yeah this is the Mongol
so look these dudes run the wolves are
running away the Wolves know the fucking
drill two men and this Eagle just comes
down and jacks the wolf and that's how
they skin these wolves look at that two
of a boom good God yeah they are death
from the sky and these guys raise them
and then they wear the wolf hat yeah
they will the skin the furs everything
but it's just so so that's it what are
we talking about what do you whatever
you want to talk about fella I hear you
got some news yeah so I figured I know
there's a lot of there's probably some
cool fans that will probably tune in to
this specifically to hear some news yeah
so rather than being a dick and waiting
for the end to tell them I probably
should probably tell them up front are
you like softening in your age no not at
all I just care I just I care about that
as long as things have taken for us
because we're a very difficult band
we're very stubborn and we're you know
we're kind of ignorant to what goes on
in the rest of the world and so people
are like guys come on guys and you know
I mean to their credit like we did the
whole Betamax thing didn't work for us
and either did laserdisc so we had this
new thing called digital media and
streaming we're going to try it out you
got extremes there's a thing it's a new
thing streaming so you can just say I
like Spotify that kind of deal yeah
yeah it's brand-new yeah like which is
on your phone or something to us it's
brand-new what are you doing with it
we're gonna put some songs on it Wow so
you can listen yeah well you not even
like plugged in any incorrect so here's
what I'm gonna do now because this is by
the time this actually airs this will
have already happened but you're filming
me doing it right you're gonna upload
sweet I'm gonna do a thing that
everybody know I'm I'm a Tweaker
do you have it prepared and everything
not really so you you're doing this
because you're fans which are very rabid
you have rabid fans the tool fans are
particularly enthusiastic they're pretty
they're pretty aggressive they're yeah
well that's cuz you guys are awesome
thank you you fucked up made an awesome
band you got some radical fans okay
so Wow when if you release this podcast
the idea was that if you set it on the
podcast without letting them know first
yeah they deserve to hear first they've
been very patient with us very patient
so this Friday August 2nd don't dump
them the catalog the whole catalog
catalog goes up on Napster on Napster I
should be worth hamster I've heard
that's great that bars guys really upset
about it yes you should talk to Lars
about this he's got a whole thing he's
gonna try to figure out figure out it
undermine him yeah he's gonna stop him
strike head look goes up on all digital
and he's doing this on his phone right
now I was we're talking dreaming so up
until this time Matt's you never have
had anything up and available no you're
like what's his name
Garth Brooks yeah he doesn't have
anything up either no comment Garth
Brooks doesn't he he just wants his but
it's kind of like a good artistic choice
he doesn't want his stuff to be broken
up into songs he wants you to download
or to buy his entire CD because he feels
like there's a correct order for his
songs he says that that's what he says
yeah we tried to which I had that would
for him people feel like no no we want
you to hear our whole album as you know
in sequence and people like like you
play them
like oh yeah we've never played right
I'm not the guy that said no no we want
you to yeah that's because that would be
an absolute lie you know
yeah Garth Brooks has some weird things
of course Garth Brooks is being
currently harassed and away we go
by Tom Segura so what's up hey get up
there beautiful it's out there in the
ether it's out there so why have you
guys not had anything on streaming up
until this moment
bye yeah no yeah I love my brothers I'm
just gonna take the fifth on that one
okay so there was some sort of internal
discussion or no discussion or no
discussion yeah just the the typical
tool time of like what was there was a
meeting mm-hmm
well again this is what you get with
great artists you don't get great
artists who are also the best promoters
correct the ones who are the best
promoters usually they're not the best
artists also we're gonna do today
yeah you doing nothing is this like one
of them late night things are you
selling knives
oh yeah extra yeah I do want a knife
because I sell them you also have some
old stock in beta
yeah and samurai swords yeah no I'm
gonna announce the name of the do album
you like that yeah you doing on your
phone first fear of a black planet and
River black planet in a queue um white
guy spinning on an album called the
black plant which I can really go over
well and yeah those are the least woke
thing you could do much money would buy
the first copy fear inoculum is the name
of the album fear inoculum who'd you say
we buy the first album I'm not gonna say
that again I don't know what you said I
might have said cowboy journey cowboy
Cerrone yeah why would you say that I
don't know cuz he swears that cowboy hat
I just assumed that he's got a lot of
black friends I think you're out of line
I'm totally trans with all these black
so now he's gonna be mad at me now I got
apologize you're joking you probably
want to hear this
he's probably too busy jumping a jet ski
over a bridge just jealous above his hat
so August 30 you in the maths you got
some money
you got a hat of your own yes I do it's
like a sinatra hat it's if you weren't
so cool that would be a douchebag hat
that's in Breaking Bad yeah right there
I like it I like it on you I like it on
you it looks good on you it does there's
there's things that people like you
could pull off one of those buckskin
pioneer jackets with the fray you could
pull you know they have that what does
that stuff call the tassels that hang
down from the size of the China where we
go in a way we go yeah you put it on
Instagram as well
we've just I just put it under your man
will get it on Twitter in a minute cuz
I'm good more important things now
people will shut the fuck up he'll leave
you long I like that little setup to
that you got there with the laptop /
iPad I didn't know that they made that
kind of a case that doubles as a
keyboard No look at you all right
farmers with technology right beep beep
boop beep beep beep so how's the wine
business it's good we're a little late
this year things about two weeks behind
so I wanted to ask you this because this
is something that like a lot of people
that are dealing with in the Arizona
area that you guys had a lot of rain
right yeah yeah yeah so I know like
hunters and people that are like into
the wild by favorite thing that are
really excited about this fall because
there's so much moisture it's like
they've an animal population to be very
healthy uh yes and I mean it it's you
know with anything there's there's
always gonna be both sides of it with
with extra rain in the spring comes
extra foliage extra ground Carver extra
of grass right and then follow the root
systems know then it then there's extra
fires cuz then when the rain dries up
you have all this raw fuel yeah so fires
there's probably good a lot of it would
be a pretty intense fire season I've
been evacuated three times yeah I got
evacuated in October it came real close
burnt three houses right in front of us
we we were in the epicenter of that
Woosley fire oh god yeah it was pretty
crazy it's what but you know it sucks
and it's terrible but if you live
through it the thing that it lets you
know is you're not your shit you're not
your stuff oh yeah absolutely when we
left you know we
to wake her kids up at two o'clock in
the morning and I said to my wife I'm
like you know what so we're fine I'm
just grabbing my laptop and some fucking
underwear you know you go to store and
buy new pants and like if you lose all
your stuff you're alive the only thing I
know I make sure I know where it's at is
the is the photo album
yeah the photos that I haven't scanned
or with Ryan MacLeod or whatever got the
photo album and the dogs and then
remember to grab the family yeah
remember that that's important but yeah
it's like natural there's something
crazy but that's one of the things that
I really do miss about living on the
East Coast with horrible winters is that
there's something comforting in the
brutal force of nature that just forces
you to recognize that you are helpless
you're helpless to the blizzard yeah
Michigan remembered you know the drifts
on the side of the road fuck five feet
ten feet yeah it's crazy
you still make it you still make your
way to school you get there you get
there but there's something about people
are so fucking cool when it when it's
really snowy like everybody's more
humble doing cool shit it's like it puts
you in your place yeah it's good yes we
we talked a while ago we was talking
about this this idea of this sit down
remember I kind of talked about that a
little bit how did like how to do this
and of course I'm so busy everything
that with it what I got going on I I
would never be able to pull this off I
would never be like hey I'm gonna be the
executive producer around this idea that
I had right so I thought this might be a
good forum to go hey you and I tee ball
it up to go somebody run with this
because I think it I think it's
something that needs to happen and we
can take about five minutes to riff on
what it shouldn't be okay
right because I think that's really that
that's kind of what when it comes down
to is trying to make sure that we're not
it just doesn't turn into some other
clickbait reality TV show right all
right because that's not really the
point of it so what do you thinking okay
well you and I were discussing there's
like all this stuff going on in the
world every is divided and freaking out
and going down the dopamine rabbit hole
of
of you know clickbait and we can talk
about that hmm I feel like the
polarization of everybody everybody has
a position they're taking up the stance
mm-hmm and this cause and I get that to
feel connected to feel like you're part
of a movement - for injustice or
whenever I got completely get that you
need to do that but I think at some
point when you start fighting with your
neighbor you start to kind of lose
connection and I think these things man
these are just they're a poison in terms
of dividing people and forgetting they
have these conversations openly yeah the
concept we're looking we're gonna lay it
out the idea is that we find six
different people from completely
different backgrounds that have a very
strong feeling about something that they
feel strongly about just something
whatever it is and we get them on camera
or in writing or whatever they state
that they state their position and the
idea is that get these people together
with each other and not fine not talk
about what they don't agree on find the
things they agree on and just build on
the things they can agree on mm-hmm and
then at the end of it we go back and
make sure we interview them and the
inner the way that they went into the
thing whatever their statement was about
who they are doesn't change they they
believe what they believe but in that
without compromising the core of who
they are they end up finding in somebody
else an agree to disagree position where
they can actually talk to each other and
find out what they do like no I feel
like one-on-one in person with known
around people are much more likely to
have those things
the real problem is when it's being
projected to the world and you're
looking for likes and you're looking for
people to agree you're looking for
support and that's one of the really
toxic things about the phones and social
media is that everybody's playing for
likes and the virtue signaling and the
throwing up the the flag of
righteousness it's so common and I'm
just talking to a friend of mine she's
working with a young woman doing a
research paper on the very thing and she
kind of hand me some some research that
kind of I kind of suspected and I was
like what about this business and kind
of not not off topic but kind of on
topic the purpose when oxycotin first
came out was that they discovered in
that drug something that interrupted and
helped fix people were you know meth
heroin addicts it was helping them get
sober and getting off the heroin because
it replaced that feeling that they were
getting the dopamine womb-like feeling
mm-hmm that escapist thing that they
were getting from heroin so they would
get you know use the oxycontin one
problem is that unless she cut your
hands off you can you're gonna take
another one
she just replaced the heroin with
another thing that's like the dopamine
dump and this is they're now finding
that that whole process of likes and you
know validating or not validating you
know that you could depress cuz nobody
likes your post and your concert was
looking a rat you know basically the
analogy of the of the rat and the
aquarium that's keeps hitting the
cocaine button yeah
it's the same thing it affects the same
part of your brain and they're finding
just that absolute connection so if you
can't go ten minutes without looking at
your phone you are an addict yes
understand that the actual chemical
reaction in your body to the to the
charge you get on that and the fact that
it's fed by adjusted titles whatever the
headline is if that's not getting it
they adjust the headline to see if it
gets you now and then you click on it go
that's the one and then they adjust that
one and it's the it's the rat hitting
the cocaine button well I'm glad to use
that analogy because one of the things
they found out about that because some
biologists didn't like the they didn't
didn't jive with them the rats with the
cocaine so then they thought about the
environment that the rats lived in and
they said well let's look at this
environment because he's rats are in a
cage
this is a very unnatural environment
there's lights on there's people staring
at them so instead they put rats in a
very rat-like environment woody and
grass and trees and in a natural rat
world guess what rats didn't fuck with
the coke they left it alone right they
only hit the coke when they were just
destroyed like their life was top turned
upside down and they're living in this
completely unnatural environment they're
living in prison so when you're in
prison you'll do the coke but when they
were in a very natural world they didn't
find it attractive at all okay so on
that note I would suggest just the
people who help now I've read those
things that I put up about the new album
and everything so I'm gonna request I'm
gonna beg people who have seen it now
I'm not sure where this is going alive
with this going you know tonight it's
gonna go a couple hours or tomorrow okay
great I'm gonna beg as a favor to you
and to me for people who read that news
and are excited about that news to do us
all a favor turn your fuckin phone off
turn your computer off to your TV off go
for a long walk just go for a long walk
somewhere even if it's in the mall or
whatever just go somewhere else go out
go talk to a stranger and just find out
something about them no matter what it
is just go talk to somebody just get and
go out of your house and go have a
conversation we can get people stabbed
yeah probably
please straight unless they have a knife
and do not talk to them because they
have a knife that I did that does that
cover the lawyers yeah you don't want it
you're not approached violent unstable
people don't do anything dangerous yeah
don't do anything dangerous but just go
out just just go out for a walk yeah you
have a family you have young ones do you
how do you approach that with the kids
well you can see you can see the the
fight and the fury and then crazy the
crazy meltdowns that we have with our
five-year-old when we're saying it's
time to come to dinner put your iPad
down right and it's an absolute fucking
meltdown and it's insane and when we
actually get it away from her and we
Kengo and we had to explain honey this
thing is not your family
we're your family this thing doesn't
care about you the stuff on the other
end of this thing doesn't care about you
we care about you
she's like let's go get the docs and
we'll go get the docs and then within
five minutes she's forgotten about the
iPad because she's playing with ducks
and she played with Doc's right we're in
the you know we're in the aviary with
the finches and we won't check on the
wine we check in the firm answer she
comes down while we're trying to record
music and she's like sitting on the bed
listening to what we're doing
hmm she's involved in doing things and
she forgets about this and you can't
forget about this I'm telling you you
can do it yes you can't do it I use it
for you know I use it for business but I
try I got caught up for a while there I
would like find a video game on my phone
I'm gonna play this video game before I
know I've like spent like five hundred
bucks and purchase something shit like
wait a minute
I'm doing the exact same things that I
did when I first started the game it's
no different I just need better armor
doesn't get a buy the armor those in-app
purchases of the devil yeah so I delete
and you know I delete those things just
get caught up in it different you can't
it's it's something you don't people
don't realize how you've probably heard
it with a bunch of people and you're
saying same thing like it's rewiring the
way that we think and the way we behave
yes and the only way to undo that it get
away from it is to literally turn it off
or unplug you walk away go do something
well I know so many people that have
switched to flip phones a bunch of them
just like the drug dealers know Joe
comics mostly they they have a flip
phone to make calls
so someone so just dealers know and then
they they keep like a computer for the
other stuff or an iPad like re my friend
Ari he he he'll you can call him on his
flip phone he'll talk to you but if you
text him you're making him do that
fucking some thing that we used to have
to do we post you four times to get an
ass end up that being a part of a bit
yeah you're a nightmare
so he doesn't have any apps there's none
of that but he'll do like Instagram and
Twitter and shit on his iPad okay yeah
that makes sense yeah it's the only way
he does it yeah that makes sense it does
make sense it's like for him too he's he
just recognizes that he can't he'll if
he starts getting on it he'll he'll be
on it for seven eight hours they're
gonna be furious at himself like what
the fuck have I done I've done the same
thing I'm even though I've got three
bands and three wineries and a
restaurant and all those things
I still waste I ended up wasting time on
these things and I could get I could get
more done if I didn't have these things
in my web do you read comments I try not
to yeah which is because people are just
you know they're just they're they need
to have a voice and they need to be
identified and the gist there a lot of
mean-spirited things out there and I
feel like the world we're living in
right now there's so much back and forth
and there's so much posturing and
there's so much disconnected
disconnected disconnected behavior that
you we really just need people to
reconnect you know their loved ones
especially in your community because as
things are progressing in the world of
the population and climate change which
I believe there's some stuff coming you
need to connect with people you really
need to figure that do you think the
shit's gonna hit the fan yeah I do yeah
when how much time we have we're uh well
I'm at thought you had some connection
with this I want to go north okay I'm
gonna go to some wooded area yeah well
you'll be fine
I think the the moon I don't think it's
gonna happen right now I think I think
and your based on some of the things
that I've kind of seen online and you
know that the chitchat and hearing
overhearing conversations with with
people that are you know part of NASA
and those kind of things and they kind
of go we've got 400 years and the
planets done whoa 400 years yeah so if
you think and you know for me I'm I'm a
pipe plan right Bronner that means that
if it's good if it's you know if we're
not here in 400 years well when's when
does that start well that started
yesterday really I mean when you think
about it there's natural resources and
there's all those things that start to
kind of fall apart and then we're
disease to start showing up
mmm-hmm weird funguses that take you out
that didn't before well another thing to
think is we'll have only been human for
quarter million three hundred and fifty
thousand years whatever it is there's
gonna be something next yeah
you know whatever it is it's coming
right it's gonna be something that can
survive this so if this stuff can figure
out how to cool it so yeah it'll become
so it may it may be huge a tree I met a
severely when I was seven years old he's
completely stable yeah for sure who
thinks the world's gonna end in 400
years that's such an idiot why did I say
that out loud that's a bad thing I don't
think the world's gonna end but I think
it's very likely the human beings will
be drastically diminished and I'll like
that's that I guess I should back up
that's my point the the thing that we
just are so arrogant about is that we're
somehow included in the future which is
not included
we're not included well I've been here
for again 300 whatever thousand years
right that's not that long yeah you know
I mean even Neanderthals have half a
million years before us right so going
back to now though mm-hmm and us getting
along now and surviving better over the
next little bit
going back to our like the people
talking to each other yeah how do we you
know how do we see this up some we can
take it and not ruin it with a reality
TV show because they you know that every
reality TV show you see it's been
manipulated you know yeah they'll
they'll poke the person then they know
is going to blow up at some point so
that it causes drama again the dopamine
dumping oh my god yeah they're basically
doing clickbait in terms of how their
program in the tone right so how do we
how do we make this so that it's not an
opportunity to make a balk and to do
that like a genuine healing moment it
can be done I think it's got to be done
online and it's got to be done with no
one involved other than you and whoever
you want to be involved no advertising I
mean that doesn't even have to be you
right but whoever the person is right
that that facilitates this yeah but you
just can't have any producers you can't
have anybody with a vested
interested in success okay it has to be
done just purely for the idea purely for
the exercise of getting people to
communicate that have disagreements and
realizing that so much of we know people
dig their heels in the sand and they
they want to be right more than they
want to be right you know more than they
want to get along and be harmonious with
each other right there's a there yeah
and I feel like that's yeah look I I
acknowledge that there's monsters in the
world there's fuckin monsters they're in
there in there in us we have our own
monsters inside of us there's other
monsters that have been nurtured over
years to to hate each other or hate
somebody else whatever there's that
nurturing you know nature versus nurture
monster I get that I'm talking about the
people that you can figure out a way to
like let's just let's figure this out
most of us yes most of us can figure out
a way to evil and most of us can go
south to most of us in the wrong
environment with the wrong people and
the wrong feelings and the wrong drugs
and the wrong jobs and the wrong
community we could be horrific neighbors
or getting the coat button yeah or we
could be a part of a community and I
just think that we're not designed for
this life own fucking world we're not
designed for it and this getting likes
and you know in arguing politics on
Twitter for 16 hours a day there's a few
people that I follow on Twitter that I
only follow them to see how how toxic
social media is to their life I go when
I look at their feed and I mean I know
what they're doing they're just fighting
with people all the time but I'll look
at it I'm like Jesus Christ this guy
started at 7:30 in the morning and at
9:30 at night he's still going and he's
posting every 14 minutes and he's
probably reading in between that so his
entire day is comprised of debating you
know a Oh sees value in merits versus
Trump and versus this and that and
whether or not Elizabeth Warren's Native
American and who's it's like chaos it's
just chaos trump trump um he was he's
got his name on buildings and oh he's
he's the the politician he's not Briana
politician and he's draining a swamp do
you know
and uh politicians me neither yeah he's
anti-politician though you might like
him okay
but is he in politics why is it
president United States yeah I don't
like politicians you know is anybody
good at that who if you if you had a
magic wand you can make someone
president who would you make it man yo
guy I wouldn't - I'll ask I wouldn't
wish that on anybody yeah three not Bill
Hicks and Kesey and although he would
because that would probably change him
do you think it would yeah I think it
changes again it's like it's a reality
TV show it's gonna change you when the
cameras are aimed at you mm-hmm when you
would you replace recognition with
attention it fucks you up mm-hmm
especially like at a young age a young
you know like the boy you know the gay
boy band like child actor you know
anybody the child actor I yeah I mean I
know people that are exposed to that
world early on and it's a it's a
dreadful mess it's a dreadful mess but
they have to go through because they
don't understand that attention isn't
that recognition yeah and well service
development withers develop few people
that have actually made made it out of
that I don't think anybody is Leonardo
DiCaprio I feel like I'm still an artist
right he's like yeah he uh he holds his
own as an artist yes I don't know what
he's like behind the scenes and see like
fucking shredding cast with his teeth
because he's I would come out by now
okay divorced thing he does he seems to
like to fuck young pretty girls she's
weird
yeah I just I feel like I feel like that
that poison of of the attention is is
kind of like that it's like that
dopamine do yeah it's the same thing if
the likes the like buttons well it's one
things that I really admire about your
choices that you've decided to get the
fuck out of the epicenter yeah like this
is just too much gravity yeah there's
too much there's too much that's and
also like the the decision to start a
winery and to like what you've done is
kind of gone to the earth I mean I mean
it sounds corny but really what you've
done is that I mean obviously a very
sophisticated farm system and you you
know you have acres and acres of
vineyards but what you're doing is the
earth you're growing you you're a part
of
nature and I think that grounding in
nature in in that way that you're doing
it is a perfect antidote for like this
Rockstar life which is all but I mean
you know that's that's a byproduct I
think for me but as far as the community
I'm finding that that core of the green
houses and you know growing growing
vines it's actually kind of feeds into
what we're talking about as far as the
conversation because I talked to I
talked to batshit Portlandia types I
took you know a talking crystal clutches
I talked to staunch Republicans that you
know look at me like I'm gonna start
trouble no matter what you know but I
can actually talk to everybody because
we're we're growing things and we're
building a smoke we're building our
communities so as far as politicians are
concerned the ones higher up they got
there by being really good con men and
Liars I feel like in general as what we
see but down you know at this level at
the local level you're just trying to
figure out simple problems that you're
trying to solve within your state within
your County within your town those
politicians are you know you got to work
with them but they're less crazy they're
less owned mm-hmm yeah so you can
actually kind of conversations with all
these people especially if you have a
grounding in terms of literally the
ground literally the ground I mean your
this I just think there's something's
it's it's a part of the whole human
experience of growing things yeah I
agree
yeah I mean I think what you've done is
pretty badass
it's the ultimate smart move you know in
terms of like dealing with that
especially like the rock star world is
so strange because it's so image based
with so many you know I mean this bunch
that don't even want to talk I have had
rock stars that wanted to come on here
but they wanted to only do it at night
and they only wanted to have it with no
video they wanted it to be audio only in
America
we don't want steak I just wanted to be
me
well there was like they were
cultivating a thing it has to be dark in
the room I want candles like okay I'm
out we're out we're doing we're gone
this is not yea that's not but you know
guy remember that they probably they
were probably messed up the reason
they're yeah the reason they're doing
what they're doing is because something
happened to them earlier on where was a
you know an aggressive you know teacher
uncle somebody that just kind of you
know a dad was drunk you know there's
stuff that pushes them in that direction
to be you know expressive Catrina
controlling and you know wanting to be
acknowledged and do it exactly my way
mm-hmm
because I was powerless as a child yeah
for sure right and then that's the thing
you think you see with actors too and
they finally get some success the the
the whole process of auditioning for
things is so brutal because you just do
you like me do you like me I want you to
like me do I get the part I don't get
the bar oh and then you go through this
for years and then finally you do get it
and then finally you're the fucking man
like oh look it's Mike likes the star
hello Mike Mike look we've got your your
bagels ready Mike and your trailers
ready and then Mike is you get me a
fucking coffee you look over Mike
anything for you and that people act in
this disproportionate very insane way
and then as they get more and more
famous they they feel like they're
entitled yes this treatment yes yeah
it's real strange yes oh you know and
that and I feel like that's I've seen it
in in our world between bands you know
my bands to listen for a perfect score
all of them you get two you get two
spots where you you feel entitled you're
arrogant you are greedy like all those
things all those things are in all of us
and you have to check yourself when they
come up yeah or not and you end up being
like the bands that you you are talking
about yeah it has to be this we won't do
it that's kind of dumb but well bands
are odd to write because you you're
managing personalities you're not just
it's not just like one person with a
creative vision and they put it down you
have all these other people and their
ideas
and you gotta work it out together and
this all sorts of weird shit going on
right sorry once you do we show it off
let's check out my likes no I was making
sure because I posted that Indiana watch
when I make sure Dino knew that and then
we posted it because then he can talk to
release oh yeah release that's a lot of
weight lifts up my chest it just is it
yeah yeah I took that's a lot of work
are we are the four of us are a lot of
fucking work and just to get it just
together anywhere just to get an
agreement where you're okay we're all
agreeing yeah we're gonna release it
yeah everything's a fucking committee
meeting and it always gets shut down
what's the hurdle
well success when you get successful you
think you're right about everything and
you're pretty sure as that individual
yeah I am right and you are wrong
because I'm successful and we're
successful because of me not because of
you and so you it's it's not that bad
with us it's like that's the dynamic
yeah there's a dynamic of like you know
I want this and I've I've always gotten
in my way and that's why we're
successful because I don't compromise on
this or that and it's like I you know
I'm the same way do you find any way as
a parent you sort of have more empathy
for like fucked up behavior and thinking
because you kind of understand like oh
you you got bad data as a developing
unit yeah you were fed the wrong food or
the wrong information rather you know I
think like food I think if we discussed
this before like I think there's a 50/50
on that like you can you can only guide
your kids so much they're gonna bring
you what they're gonna be they're gonna
grow up the way they want to but you can
try to do is go like okay let's just
teach you about stoves before you
actually have to learn about stoves yeah
the wrong way so you know like the
houses there yeah so you can kind of do
some of that stove work early but
eventually they're gonna have to do some
of that stove work on their own yeah but
instructor in our high school which is
funny because I you know we are he's
extremely public and I'm you know the
Liber
kid but um he used to share a lot of
really you know nuggets right
wisdom and he would always have a say
you know what is an intelligent person a
person who learned some experience who's
experienced other people's experience
right yeah not just your own right
learn from your own experiences but also
pay attention that you don't really need
to play Russian roulette to find out it
ends wrong don't get close to the Bison
at Yellowstone don't try to get a selfie
with the Bison see that video
know as a nine year old kid he the whole
fucking family they apparently got
within five yards of this fucking bison
know they know come on and then the
Bison charged with a nine-year-old kid
went flying through the air
the thing about the nine-year-old kid
landing though it seems like she landed
on her feet so I'm hoping she's okay I
haven't read anything to the contrary so
in my mind she brushed it off and she's
like whoo can't believe I flip like that
well I mean it's like a you know if she
survived maybe a broken bone would be a
good reminder yeah
sprained ankle I want this kid to have a
sprained ankle yes but I just I don't
want the kid I want the fucking parent
to get one of those weird diseases were
like when a twin falls down your disease
no okay it's like the mom here it is
watch me show you this bison just to
leave the newscaster boom see how she
lands on her feet though I'm pretty sure
she's okay watch this whoo bang I think
she's all right
I think she's all right the thing is did
it trampled or after these fucking
assholes this is the problem with zoos
people and this city life that we live
what people do not know what the fuck a
wild animal really is yeah you're not
supposed to go anywhere near those
things we're gonna find out they have
instincts to stop predation and their
instinct is to charge head forth with
this fucking 200 but they do with a red
shirt on too like didn't you lunch ass
honey you should have jerked them she
stepped in for the little kid you piece
of shit okay over here you fuck I mean
it's a 2,000 pound gigantic animal that
has to fight off wolves and mountain
lions and bears and and yep you're gonna
have your kid five yards away from me
you know we've had a lot of friends the
musician friends
yeah I want to come out man I want to
work harvest you really don't know you
don't want to work you really don't want
to do this I mean I want you to and I
can make it a pleasant experience for
you
I absolutely can I can make it go fairly
seamless but you're gonna learn some
things you didn't know about yourself
fact well you have to work hours yeah
real that's why we can't go to dinner
tonight we've got apples waiting I got I
have some Chardonnay already fermenting
you have an apples oh yeah I'm gonna
make cider in the morning that's what he
do you picked the apples now yeah I have
it on the morning I've got 40 trees my
dad and Randy she's kind of in charge of
the orchards and vineyards you saw that
you saw some of the greenhouse footage
yeah Randy's doing that so my dad and
her picked probably about a half a ton
maybe a ton of apples already off our
trees so I get back you know tonight I
fly back tonight and then in the morning
we're shredding shredding apples into a
bin like applesauce and gonna inoculate
it and inoculate it with what I have I
already have some Chardonnay that's
fermenting so I'll take like a gallon of
the Chardonnay just put it in with with
the apples so that it'll just start
different so bacteria from the
Chardonnay yeast yeast is already
fermenting you
Wow that's about us so you so knock you
later with something that's already it's
a wild yeast it's already fermenting and
so putting them with those letter and
let it finish up and do you do this at a
stable temperature like does it have to
be we know we normally keep the site or
we've been kind of keeping it like you
know 70 68 and again a cool room not out
in the Sun hot and not back in the cold
cold cold room kind of you know 60
between 65 and 72 but how much cider
will you make with all that how much did
you say I did half a ton we did Logan
there's more there's more apples coming
so we'll have we'll probably end up with
about 8 barrels worth of cider there and
that's about good Lord 200 cases no
versus about 300
cans yeah I got 300 300 flats of cans so
yeah so it's fairly limited production
until yeah like commercially
oh yeah I wouldn't it's not gonna be
commercial it just being our tasting
rooms oh that's cool yeah
Wow and so how long is the process how
long does it have to ferment
well once once they're picked we can
actually the cool thing about apples is
they kind of keep kind of just kind of
stack them up in the in the and the
walk-in cooler on site and then we
gather them all up when there's a
critical mass bring them in shred them
so that day I will shred them probably
about a week and a half later the
fermentation is done the hard part is
separating the applesauce from the juice
that's that's our part so a lot of
people will get them super ripe and they
they crush and press them so they just
get the juice right off the must and
they firm at just the juice other people
will shred them so there's just like
apple sauce and I'm gonna try to press
that through a very specific press that
kind of gets the juice away from the
what's the benefit of the former versus
of the latter
I do the third one I make it and I shred
it so there's applesauce and I'm s
you're fermenting on the at m-- on the
must on the applesauce hmm and then I
press as it starts to separate I'm
starting to pull the juice out once it's
fermented now have you done this because
you tried the other methods and you like
the flavor of this one better so how
many times you've guess I guess I've
done this 40 right that's because I'm a
liar I'm good at it no I've done it once
and it turned out so because I want to
make sure that that wasn't an accident
I'm gonna do it exactly like I did it
last time just see if it turns out the
same and when you did it did you do it
based on someone's recommendation or did
you have a I did based on my my
experiences with fermenting grape signs
really yeah I just kind of look to just
process and went okay I see I'm we're
gonna get some stuff and our cider is
extremely dry it's not it's not a sweet
cider you normally would think of like
slightly sweet cider this is like a
acidic dry cider very refreshing and is
this decided it's available at your
restaurant
yeah at the Osteria Don and Scott sale
at the American vendors location in
Scottsdale and at the caduceus cellars
tasting room and the closer first door
and before a if someone where would like
where would I go where would I go if I
wanted to try your food and drink your
wine
like what
the spot I would recommend well the
easiest one a second trip if you want to
take a long trip you want to go up to up
to Jerome and cottonwood area to go to
those locations or three locations some
different things happening in each one
of those but if you're just kind of in
Phoenix area we have a location over in
Scottsdale and Old Town Scottsdale so
I'm definitely in Feeney one of my own
Phoenix I've got I've got two nights in
Phoenix at the Comerica theater there
you go so there you gonna hits like soon
you can hit pizzeria Bianco you have to
hit there you got to get southern rail
Beckett's tables number oh yeah so
Beckett's table southern rail Tarbell's
F&B
which is in Scottsdale Scottsdale has a
reputation for cocaine and parties yeah
but it's also got great food yes so it's
a very interesting place it's got it's a
lot of people just have escaped some of
the problems in other cities and gone to
Scottsdale that is a fact
yes it's a weird place I've always felt
whenever we had it we had some decent
success up in the valley like we put the
vibe that we got with the farms you know
farm-to-table not just any farm our
farms to your table vibe and the you
know our vines to your glass scenario
that's funny John Scott feel like okay
this is gonna go we did it we're like
we're gonna need more makeup implants
yeah that's what I'm talking about yeah
it's a weird party town in that way yeah
it's like a lot of really pretty women
but the specific kind of pretty like
pornstar pretty the dudes are super
pretty - they're pretty - yeah yeah
handsome spiked hair oh yeah they got
the tan jacket and damn oh yeah you got
a good check into motorcycles no helmet
yes I mean if you're gonna be in
Scottsdale it's a great location but
there's so many so many great chefs and
restaurants yeah in that area there
really are in downtown and if you're
gonna be a Comerica you're right by
Bianca's you gotta go to Bianco's what
is that is an Italian pizzeria taco Oh
Chris Bianco he's got two locations Town
and Country and he's got one downtown
but he else
his other place oh my god I'm gonna
forget the name right now that's so dumb
I'm so I'm gonna get so much shit for
this his other place and right next the
other person next to me I'll go is a
town in country oh my god I'm having a
brain fart it's great handmade pastas
and the dishes are amazing
again I'll check in with you in December
yeah you remember it I remember it by
then
gotta get off the CBD lil man is Matt
surrounding your brain man you can't be
too relaxed right yeah that's CBD
fucking it saves vacations for me I
don't stress out like it it's it's it's
I think it's one of the best things I've
ever tried for anxiety it's it's weird
and I didn't even know I had anxiety
until I started taking CBD I think these
little jammies these are this is uh this
will fuck you up though this is one in
one one part if you don't put this one
but yeah it does not put this in your
you can put in your butt but you will
get no nervous you're gonna get paranoid
but it's it's a weird like the CBD THC
high is a different high because CBD
does something to alleviate anxiety it
sort of just leaks makes you comfortable
with your own demise lets you do the
existential angst is the flames don't
seem so hot so you like yeah we're all
gonna die yeah but right now we're not
dead
cool look at the colors let's feel they
feel the warmth the Sun but this uh this
is not like funk this is not functional
like you don't wanna I don't do this if
I have anything super important to do
but but just CBD oil hmm I just find it
it did puts you in a great place
okay like it but I'm journal not topical
its internal yeah topical is really good
for muscle aches okay it's really good
really the probably the best thing I've
ever found for like a alleviating
soreness and stiffness and stuff like
that because I found I was yeah in
Europe all of a sudden discovered that
they actually had ibuprofen like cream
to put on IP Provins terrible for you
alright really really behind what I
found out was that if you let your pets
lick it they get liver failure and die
so don't did you guys accidentally dunno
I had a person who works at the Humane
Society I mentioned you know mentioned
that I found this stuff like I just in
desperation and Europe like had some
sore muscles and uh she's like don't let
your pets like that cuz they were trying
to figure out how these kittens were
dying Oh God
my friend Cameron Haines is a runner and
he runs marathons and runs ultra
marathons he runs he's 240-mile moab
fucking ridiculous
runs that last three days and he was
having like all this joint pain so he's
taken ibuprofen every day of saying
taking 800 milligrams not just once but
sometimes twice a day and he was just
constant aches and pains so dr. Rhonda
Patrick had been on the podcast she was
talking about the dangers of ibuprofen
about what it does to your gut biome and
how much it fucks you up it actually
creates inflammation and it actually can
cause stress or it can cause strokes
rather and all sorts of horrible
horrible things so I calm up and I said
hey man that stuff's fine to take every
now and then for a headache but you
can't take that shit every day you just
can't do it and you're fucking your body
up just get off of it and I sent him the
recording he listened to it he's like
Jesus Christ I don't have a stroke so he
gets off of it all his pain goes away it
turned out his pain was being caused not
just by the running but by the fact that
he was creating inflammation by
destroying his gut biome by taking 800
milligrams of ibuprofen two times a day
so the idea of like fixing himself was
fucking him up crazy
death chasing that you know yeah so fuck
ibuprofen okay well don't I take it
every now and then but you can't take it
every day so you're a liar no I mean
just saying don't take it every day but
if I had like a bad headache I'll take
some Tylenol or some shit it's not
tylenol right Advil yeah yeah it's it's
it's just not something you're supposed
to take all the time I didn't realize it
was doing what you said yes I was more
icky than I should be and then like you
know bad night out you didn't drink
enough water right okay boom didn't hear
coming ahead
yeah and then you're fine you can still
do that but CBD does that too it's
better better for you than all that
stuff it seems to be no side effects
okay
all right the side effects is uh people
think you're a hippie that's the only
side effect right right you say you're
in the city I just I just talked so much
shit about no it was just a part of an
elaborate show listen man I smoked pot
all the time and I talk shit about pot
it's the people it's the fucking people
that are really into pot they're
annoying they're annoying
they just not any Rosie no Eddie maybe
he's gonna jump out from an inaudible no
he's gonna know this is I got this from
this is from Tommy Chong yeah yeah good
lord that's a baseball bat Tommy Chong's
not playing games and he wasn't doing
this since the 70s and he's still alive
seems to be fine it smells scary like
you just smell it and you're like this
is gonna bring back memories I don't
want anymore
we got rid of those why are you bringing
those back
the problem is dummies the problem is
not pot it's like the problem with every
single thing like it's the problems not
skateboards the problem is people want
to ride skateboards in the edge of
fucking skyscrapers right good point
that's the problem
it's like with everything it's not it's
the implementation of the idea in a
really stupid way that's the problem
all right it's not pot people smoke pop
it's the same thing it's but you can you
can apply that to almost anything
yeah hammer it got it you can destroy
something whether you can build
something with it exactly so it's not
really a hammer it's you exactly again
exactly yeah but there's some people
that are functional on it all day like
be real from Cypress Hill I did his show
he's got this hot box show I can't
believe how high they get their high all
day long and then they keep going we got
how so high before the show started I
was like well we must be done we're
gonna go sit he does this show called
the hotbox and you sit in this beautiful
old Cadillac and smoke weed and talk
about life and I was like well surely
we're done we can't be smoking more
wrong it gives you these bats of weed
and you climb into the car and it's just
a fucking thick cloud of smoke to his be
real he doesn't fuck around but he's
lucid completely functional
you talk to him guy exercises he's
healthy
it's real friendly real friendly it
seems fucking seems to work out great
for him
yeah but not for everybody yeah I'm like
I'm the pot guy that's under the table
freaking out
yeah what do you think of what bothers
you when you get high I think just
paranoia anything a noise a thought you
know they're trying to get me like it's
super like paranoid paranoid you just
get a little bossy be Joe go potty Joe
no I'll take one first I'll show ya
we're gonna be fine yeah yeah thank you
you know stick with wine yeah did you
fuck with whiskey yeah I do
I got a thing a little collaboration
with with angels on the bourbon out of
Kentucky they took some of my my
fortified wine barrels and took them and
they're finishing one of their ports and
one of my barrels come on girls yeah
whoo so it's port the same as whiskey
port is a fortified wine from Portugal
right so you also there are whiskey
there an alcohol company yes yes so
angels envious bourbon but they do Ryan
bourbon in Kentucky and they and they
basically they have a whole thing about
their angels every bourbon is finished
in pork barrels ah
so they'll find you know I have to get
him from Europe or get him from
California whether you know they're a
fortified red barrel that's had wine in
it sweet rich wine and they finished the
the Bourbon in these barrels mmm so now
they have some of mine to do a special
caduceus collaboration you're one of
those people that I talk to that I go
where the fuck does he get the time cuz
I do a lot of things but then I talk to
someone like you I'm like no I don't
know you do a lot of things well yes
it's organism you know just organizing
your time and delegating yeah I mean cuz
that's really what it is is when you get
when you're younger you want to go I did
that I did that
oh I'm doing that and then you realize I
can't do all of that
so always I have friends there our team
of people like I can't we have a
Puscifer store in Jerome Arizona and it
has cutting so we do we do printing in
shirts we have a barber shop in it we do
a full and new and used a shop yeah it's
weird for a bald guy a barber shop I
don't use it except for you know the man
scooping new and used vinyl on top floor
with all kinds of personnel you're like
you know band stuff but also like a
whole kind of a gelato shop do people go
there hoping they're gonna run in you
probably but I don't run it my wife does
she's absolutely I couldn't do that I
couldn't do it at all rather she runs a
top to bottom all the ideas for all the
Puscifer merch is all it's all her she
does she runs it it's great we just
added a popcorn machine oh yeah nice
yeah this is just you do that and you
Jitsu - yeah how well here's the thing I
did you just do I just don't do it very
well because I don't focus on it all day
yeah I've learned about you Jitsu over
the years and now I'm doing a little bit
of more time I suck at that too but I'm
doing some I bought a bag yeah gloves
what kind of bag the first X fresh
Jack's yeah that's a good bag for you
especially XIV had some hip issues cuz
it's very little it's uh it doesn't it's
not hard it's a good bag to hit I've got
a couple different bags out there all
one those the one I want to have mmm
because I got the shorter fat one right
yeah it seems pretty heavy yeah that's a
different one in the ball mm-hmm the
balls good yeah and Bostic yeah the sack
one yeah for knees that uh the one that
I have that heavy bag is great it's cuz
it's it gives like it's good for tendons
and stuff cuz like a lot of people you
hit those big hard heavy bags and you
know you can do that when you're young
but as you get older and you've got 20
years of blasting into bags full power
after a while your joints just start to
fucking they just start to say fuck you
yeah well I'm finding that for me my
friend Todd got me into doing the muy
Thai because he's like look we do Jiu
Jitsu so much and on the road you're
like you know you got some like we know
we can only find this black belt in town
with you and he's too 10 to 20 so I'm
you know trying to deal with this weight
and like I'm kind of sore now for the
show and I'm that's not good the bed is
not eating beds never ideal and you're
in the bus and you're bouncing down the
road and some like it looks it's like a
coffin right and then as some kind of
palsy all the way down the road you're
just trying to sleep so we he went let's
just some let's do some muy Thai because
it's more opening it's it's left you
know you're gonna go and back them
you're doing more twisting and just that
rhythm and that's a good workout like
I'm it's easier on your joints to yeah
so I you know I got into it for that
reason just to kind of stand upright
more so you have someone holding your
pads for you
yeah well he's got a lot of you know all
over the world he's done you know great
trainers everywhere so we roll then and
it's funny that you go into one guy and
like yeah do this what are you doing
don't do that last guy said I was
supposed to do that like you know
different trainer different yeah you get
a lot of that for sure there's a lot of
people that know for sure that they have
the way to do it
watching the infinite number of how you
wrap your hands videos on YouTube no bro
this is the way it's the only one the
only one way this is the best way my
favorite is the ones you slide on and
then you just spin it and they velcro on
it's like got gel that goes over the
knuckles don't they slide on like a
little glove it's great all right I love
those it only has like maybe like 4 feet
of actual wrap and then you slide these
things on you do like that be sitting
there like it's in the tube like some
guys get super serious about folding
over the knuckles to you for seven times
and then you put it over the knuckles
then wrap it down and through the finger
bags for the gloves the gloves are
supposed to be the padding it helps but
you're also what helps is really
strengthening your hands there's a lot
of the problem that people have is that
they don't do anything with their hands
they just hit things like which is fine
but to really reinforce the structure of
your hand you should use those captains
of crush grips smash down those things
they'll they'll create better tendon
strength and like that I like a mullet
and sitting like a Camaro and do the
hand thing like this those guys
use the captain's a crush ones those
motherfuckers are like 160 plus pounds
do you say you got one that's like 190
or something when you got that load the
level 3 is 280 what do they look like
it's like a knurled steel pipe or
aluminum outside and thick heavy spring
it's like a hand gripper but it's like
okay a real legit hardcore one and so
I'll do it this way then I'll flip them
upside down and do it that way and then
also you know I do a lot of chin-ups and
a lot of stuff with my hands that's what
it looks like you've seen those fucking
things but those are just supposed to be
like in a Camaro it doing that no okay
not anymore those guys are dead whoa
Jesus goes to 320 to 365 yeah only like
five people in the world I've ever done
that is so crazy
that's according to what I was reading
yeah I've got the 140 pounds that's nuts
so how far down do I go let's see yes
sure yeah start with the 1600 but I mean
it'd just be more maps you want wraps
bug you just want to be able to sit
around the idea is that they'd have like
a ten all this most bi I've met guys who
are fighters like really good fighters
that have small hands and I mean small
hands meaning like the structure the
hand I mean the meat the meat of the
hand they have they don't do anything
where they're gripping all the time or
pulling all the time they're strikers so
they just wrap their hands up and you
know when you're just doing this all the
time and throwing punches you're not
really making your hand stronger it's
the way to make the hand strong is
you've got to squeeze tennis balls and
squeeze you know there's different
putties that they may grip keys yeah
gripping keys is fantastic doing like if
you grab a jujitsu guy's hand those
hands are made out of wood like a really
good jujitsu guy like and a lot of that
has just gi's and gichan ups and shit
when you throw the ghee over the chin-up
bar and do that that's that's fantastic
too but when you do that yeah you do no
gear just ski I do mostly ghee well so
yeah yeah but I'm you know I'm finding
on the road it's just traveling it's
easier to do the nogi because i can
rinse that out and
shower and it's dry by morning do you
use special soap and make sure you don't
get any fucking cooties yeah that's
enough it's it's crazy yeah yeah cooties
are real man oh yeah
they kill people well I noticed like you
know and it's been I remember as a
wrestler mmm you never really saw this
stuff you saw a little bit of it but
like nowadays it's like they're getting
disqualified at Regionals because
they've got a spot on the Mac and they
can't go wrestle and they've worked
there's a whole season to get here and
it's like yeah we clean the math we do
all those things we clean the stuff like
where did you get that well staph is in
your body and particularly when people
blow their nose you know and they wipe
their nose and their thing and then they
were they roll that stuff your nose has
all sorts of staff inside of it and
people get staff in their nose as well
if they get an abrasion in their nose
and that stuff gets into your skin and
you don't clean it out it's also your
body has to be healthy and one of the
things that happens with wrestlers or
any competitive athlete is as your body
is going through training camp you are
building your conditioning but you're
also compromising your immune system
like when I was fighting I used to
always get sick I poor nutrition I
wasn't really that smart about it but I
was always getting sick before like big
events also nerves - yeah
nerves conditioning all that stuff
breaks you down so with with athletes
it's that are doing any sort of combat
sport where you're getting scratched and
marija ly susceptible to that stuff so
you got a like defense soap is my thing
I fucking love that stuff because it's
all-natural you're not doing anything
like when people use antibacterial soap
on the hand the problem with that is
that kills the good bacteria - what you
want is something that really reinforces
the healthy flora but prevents all the
the cooties from growing prevent staff
send me that yeah I'll have him sent my
friend Guy Socko runs a company he
developed it because he was a wrestling
coach and these kids were getting staff
and ring weren't shit he was trying to
figure out what the fuck is this so he
came out with these natural cures for it
so I'll just tea tree oil and eucalyptus
oil okay
it's just healthy yeah and after you
train just wash your body with it and
leave it on you leave it on like you
suds up leave it on for a minute or two
and rinse it off and then if you got any
little scratches he's got some ointment
you put a little and it's all-natural
salt just good for you healthy and then
also as good as probiotics like anything
like kimchi is really good
kombucha is really good acidophilus from
yogurts really good you know so what
about what is it the that's in the
kimchi that that works is because
they've they let it go to vinegar that
the volatile acidity is what actually
has the probiotics in it but yes I do I
have olive ology that like 20 olive
trees and so you know we do the brine
solution it's its salt and vinegar
mm-hmm solution that we're that we're
curing them in is that have anything to
do with that at all sure the the the
thing about kimchi is it's a proven
health probiotic like it's it's one of
those things that people have been
eating for thousands of years and it's
just good for your overall well-being
know more about this yeah so cultures
you know when you're eating these
probiotic cultures and there's some
really potent ones you could buy that or
you know they're required like there's
some that you can get that they live on
their own substrate so inside the little
capsules there's enough of whatever they
can feed off of where they can be active
without being refrigerated but there's
other ones that you have to buy a really
hardcore ones that you're getting that
they have to be refrigerated okay but
the what I like about the food based
ones is first of all they taste good
they could be a part of a meal I don't
have to I like kimchi so I eat it all
the time
kombucha I like it I drink it all the
time and it's just it just reinforces
all that healthy flora okay you know so
you it's basically got like little
soldiers to fight against the cooties
you're just really mean you got to think
of your body as an ecosystem right your
body is not just you your body is a host
of bacteria so much so much so there's
more ecoli living in your gut than
they've ever been people ever you know
it's all just a part of you so you just
reinforce the good stuff and keep the
bad stuff away when the commune system
gets compromised especially through hard
training and then you get scratched and
that staff just gets did you get a grip
on you and gets a hold of you it starts
to go and then it gets systemic I mean
fucking people die from that stuff
they really do staff in fact especially
that mersa stuff man there's a remember
Kevin Randleman the
two fighter yeah he had the most
horrific staph infection I've ever seen
in my life
where he had holes where he would lift
up his arm and you could see a hole in
his underarm we see his muscle all I
mean through the skin look at this look
at it let's you see it up there good
lord
yeah like look at that go go large with
that look at that fucking hole that red
stuff that you see in there that is his
chest muscle and he died young man and I
think it probably had a lot to do with
that and I think what happened with
Kevin is if I'm not mistaken he just let
it go a little too long and that
medication resistant staph infection
that MRSA stuff that's the scary stuff
that stuff that's evolved in hospitals
and because of people using antibiotics
and just you know I do my best not to
take the antibiotics if I can but if you
get that stuff you gotta take it they
locked you in a hotel room or in a
hospital room rather and they just IV
the fuck out of you and you'd have
buddies that were there for weeks
my friend Denny his knee was fucked I
mean he has a on his leg like a salmon
got gutted and they had to go in there
and just pull out pus and constantly try
to disinfect the area and he was in a
hospital for a long time just dealing
with his knee and this and this is from
jujitsu from jujitsu yeah he's a world
champion his uh his knee started
swelling up and he was I was going to
ask you more time here's my gauge so
many UFC fighters get it and they wind
up fighting on antibiotics because of it
cuz they're fighting it off you know
Kevin Lee when he fought 20 Ferguson as
he walked into the Octagon I was looking
at his chest I was like that is a staph
infection he's got a staph infection on
his chest and he went up getting staff
apparently the week of the fight he was
like you know what we're just gonna have
to fight just gonna have to deal with it
like jeez but but for him like for Tony
Ferguson when he's fighting a guy with
staph you can get staff from fighting a
guy with staff get staff from other
people - Wow nasty yeah it's cooties
let's not do that
my friend ari was limping around the
pool table once we were playing pool
he's limping so what's going on he was I
got a spider bite
like let me say he pulls up his knee ah
go Dallas I know staff I unscrew my cue
I go dude we're going to the hospital
right now
he goes you serious I go fuck yeah I'm
serious I go you could die I know that
it's huge you have a pussy filled up
staph infection on your knee that's
compromising the way you walk I know
that thing is gonna get systemic and
it's gonna get in your fucking brain
yeah my dad got bit by a brown recluse
that's bad and he went to the hospital
didn't is in an area that has brown
recluse right I'll say again to do no
don't problem with our hospital they're
like yeah you know here put some of this
on there he's like I think there was
something else wrong so it comes back a
day later going what do these rings mean
it means now he's got a hole in his leg
that he's having to stick gauze in all
day long and take changing calls - yeah
and he still has like a dent in his leg
where it like it ate away yeah what
could they have done if they caught it
early
just give me antibiotics you know we're
not sure just take this didn't do that
but just take this make sure all they do
all they had to do I don't deal with
that thing for a month is crater in his
own leg makes me nervous about hospitals
when you hear about nurses get off on
killing people look every every so often
there's some nurse it just gave people
lethal injections or shit just one movie
makes a great movie does but you know
like by the way if you're a nurse I'm
sure you're awesome it's not you I love
I love nurses doctors I love all those
people all healthcare practitioners and
first responders or and lawyers yep them
too but there are some dirty people out
there they're monsters just happened to
be nurses right spiders I'd be fucking
spiders putting holes in your leg yeah
call my god spider bait for laughs you
didn't live around raus thanks to you
got serious rattlesnakes you live well
then the rattlesnakes are pretty they're
pretty good about just letting you know
yeah yeah they just let you know they
just kind of go on their way there they
don't really want anything to do with
you yeah the the tarantulas
same thing they just kind of go the
other way tarantulas look terrifying but
they're family they're pretty docile
they're pretty cool yeah they
just hang out the nutless gonna test at
Rancho La Hawkes you gotta watch out for
was that tarantula hawk or was that a
giant orion be looking fingering it up
fuck these things what is it you gotta
get a photo oh the world is so scary
you see two people that bear the lorda
in the our by sharks that I'm not sure
which one it is somebody can chime in oh
jesus that thing's big okay yeah I've
seen these things before yeah fuck
that's huge
they like they they find a tarantula
they jump on it they infect it with
their eggs and so the trench is like I
made it out of there and who wanders off
and then dies and they larva come out of
the tarantula Oh ain't you dirty bitch
yeah so their thirst their sting is like
you know level their top five wing a
bullet ant like that kinda yeah yeah
like like a centipede centipedes on the
list but like not above centipede really
do you think that's why you have one yes
is that you bro give me people to bite
no that's me being terrified of Senate
no that's your right hand right and I
know hey you know what now my ring name
yeah
no centipedes are just there's those
things like that caused me to shriek
like my grandmother I can jump up on a
on a counter Maynard the set appeared
yeah I could it's got a ring to it I
like it I like it
yeah yeah they're creepy maybe I'll
fight Tom Cruise have you ever seen a
centipede attack or Mouse no but so
apparently the centipedes sting is not
as intense as the as the tarantula hawk
from what I read I don't know I don't
know who's doing this but there's they
need to like I don't know man weird
hurts what hurts words the tasers that
the pepper spray get back to yet a
certain job how do you know at a certain
moment you know and once you get to that
bullet ant level like how it's supposed
to be like getting your arm slammed in a
car door for 24 hours like how do you
know there's something worse than that
you have another one that's really bad
too is like yeah
also several dollars to get yourself
stung by a tarantula hawk and woman see
what happens it last I don't know this
that's the thing this is a crazy guy he
has a YouTube channel right oh yeah what
is that guy's name again coyote yeah
what did he get stop it I was for a
while I think we're supposed to get him
on the podcast what is his name again
coyote what his channel is called brave
water I came here he goes Oh bang look
he's doing to himself get me get me
ah look at him wow first I wouldn't even
want to put that jar back on I'd be like
weeping whoa coyote Wilson what's his
name well I would say its whole name
coyote gets done poke find out this
gentleman's name cuz I feel like an
asshole now priority Peterson coyote
Peterson why they call Kylie Wilson look
at him there
ah that is not wise yeah but neither is
that leather hat he's wearing Wow
what are you gonna do the bracelets look
questionable as well I think he said
this was the worst of anything yeah I'd
like to tone pants on some of the pants
that's the worst of anything he doesn't
put it like he goes and finds everything
that's the worst thing you can do and
does the video like this watch him just
deal with it
quite a few of those guys that's a what
a weird way to make a living just get
fucked up by the nature works for Johnny
Knoxville mm-hmm I want to show you a
video of a centipede killing a mouse
that's what I had here doesn't show you
their horrific centipede verse typed in
there's a whole bunch of things that pop
take your pick away you want to go with
mouse because it's particularly
aggressive and the way they attack mice
eat mice so although it's third down
third down good watch this watch this
smells like hey I'm just a mouse I'm
kind of cute
just chilling hanging out here in this
weird blue floor I'll fuckin Jesus
Christ
the thing about Santa bees too is they
don't just say am i hungry no they know
what they do and what they do is fuck up
a mouse that is right out of the movie
alien right oh my god dick the mouse is
like Jesus
fuck and Jesus look at him he's already
dead
I mean that is goddamn crazy the mouse
is way bigger than him and he's
burrowing into his fucking spine right
now it's twitching and trying to stay
alive the thing about it that's so
creepy is it's not necessarily hungry
like it just that's what it does it sees
things it kills it look all me I'm here
with a mouse like a bison and a nine
year old yeah it's like I'm hearing with
a mouse in this weird little fucking
environment that doesn't seem natural at
all but I'm not gonna think about that
I'm just gonna kill this fucking mouse
that's what's important not not why am I
in this I pushed on me why did I do that
now why did you because I'm afraid of
these things so you put it on you yeah
what else you afraid of get divorce
papers on your it's so I know I just you
know I put something on I had a friend
do some tattoos I could I have this
snake oh the rattle things that you're
afraid of you put on yeah well this side
is dragons because I'm here the dragon
but this is like where I'd like to make
your moving of I don't that movie you
don't know the year of the dragon back
would make you work before you went
crazy all right
it's fucking great I'm a young Mickey
Rourke okay not Mickey Rourke and old
there's two different humans young
Mickey work in ol Mickey Rourke young
Mickey Rourke was like this like super
serious amazing actor did fantastic
films like really good yeah angel heart
so what had died first so didn't he get
like in a motorcycle accident and bonk
his head is that what happened to Kurt
here's the edge yeah there's a trailer
of it oh no he became a boxer he boxed
as an amateur when he was young and then
when he was an actor I think if I had to
guess and I'm gonna just paraphrase and
I apologize if I got it wrong but I
think he felt like Hollywood and acting
and I know he's quote he's been quoted
on this was so fake and so with lack of
a better term feminine it was it was so
it was so soft and bullshit that he felt
like he had to do something real again
so he started boxing I
again as a world-famous movie star and
got but I got punchy he started sparring
with James Toney and a bunch of other
guys a bunch of legit boxers and from
when I heard James Toney used to just
touch him up every day and of course you
don't want to be that guy you can't hang
so he's in there taking fucking jabs to
the face and right hands to the face and
left hooks to the face and uppercuts to
the face and his face got deformed and
then he wound up getting like cheek
implants and a bunch of weird shit right
you got a bunch of weird facial surgery
and stuff and I don't know they started
losing his mind but I think CTE played a
factor there I think just I think
there's a to me it's a logical
correlation so like here's a guy who's
this world famous amazing movie star
those nine and a half weeks and all
these other big time movies me saw a
fucking blockbuster movie star and an
interesting movie star like a really
good actor and then all of a sudden he
becomes this crazy guy and in between
them he's getting punched in the face a
bunch of times like it doesn't take a
genius right to make these connections
right I know a lot of guys that were
pretty normal when they were young and
then somewhere into their MMA career
they lost it and they went off the rails
there's a there's a growing list of
those guys growing yes yeah and some
gals are on that list as well okay yeah
so it's uh it's the gals are theirs as
they as Ronda Rousey's opened up the
door for women's MMA to become more
popular that's gonna be more and more
women that are taking more punishment
including ones that you're never gonna
see inside the USA just and the other
thing is that just training if you just
decided I just I don't want to fight but
I want to train well that counts all
that stuff counts all those right
so are you sparring when you're doing
more time no no thank you
just trying to get in shape and stretch
you know yoga you fuck with yoga do yoga
yeah I do it on my own sometimes it's my
hotel that's all we do that's how we do
it yeah my wife and I she hasn't she has
the online service room would do that
but we are opening I just bought a new
place you got a bit of a fucking yoga
school yeah Jesus Christ man how are you
doing all these things
I'm not doing
I'm yes I know but I'm delegating how
much bandwidth does that eat up the fact
that someone else is doing something
that you're a part of and even though
you delegate you still have to like
figure out what that person is doing hey
why does why is our business going under
and Mike's driving a Rolls Royce like
you know I mean all right those kind of
things yeah well I got a lot of good
people around me mmm we have a nice
little community so you just stay chill
take your sandwiches like before we just
look at though what's the what's the
business plan is it gonna is you know I
think that's the that's thought that's
that was very good for me because I you
know we lived to lived within our means
when I was a kid in Michigan
my parents were high school teachers
which not a huge pay right so we're
leaving you know living
paycheck-to-paycheck in a way that
putting some money away but you know
grew our food he would hunt put meat in
the freezer but then getting into all
sudden now you don't cut too many years
later then there's band and there's like
there's touring money and there's stuff
and you kind of lose touch with
understanding that most businesses
operate on a 10% margin mmm you know so
getting back to those kind of things to
look at this because I'm moving my
jiu-jitsu Academy to another building
we're gonna put in the bag we're gonna
put on it kind of yoga that's right you
don't want a goddamn jiu-jitsu Academy
too right
but you know looking at trying to make
it work it's a it's a it's a it's a
puzzle that's worth have it's a puzzle
that's worth solving because if you
understand how to survive this thing on
that microcosm that you can survive a
lot of things right you can make sure
that when shit doesn't go the way you
want it to go you've done the work to
figure out how to survive in those
extreme circumstances in terms of
business in terms of you know you know
if the economy goes the way it goes
and if not we've got greenhouses and we
have some wine so we'll eat some salad
and drink wine and die happy it's good
way to think but it's just I just can't
believe how many different irons you
have in the fire and I know you're
delegating I know you have good people
around you but god that's so much do you
ever think of simplifying do you ever
think like maybe I should just like pare
this stuff down like in a way we are and
I think this next couple years the last
couple years has been
like establishing something in Arizona
establishing the green establishing the
vineyards establishing the businesses
we've kind of branched out in various
ways but I feel like in a way we're
expanding to retract and once we figure
out what works we're gonna bring it all
back in centralize everything make it
simpler and it's when we're sustainable
at that point right now we're kind of
extended we're all over the place kind
of human things but I feel like you know
getting a few getting few rounds in
getting some sparring in once twice a
week three times a week then you know
having the vineyards going out that's
hard work too I don't really have time
to train jiu-jitsu or do my Thai or any
of that you know but you seem to enjoy
all these different varieties of
experiences to like Puscifer perfect
circle tool vineyard restaurant
jiu-jitsu Academy they like you seem to
enjoy having all these different plates
spinning yeah it's fun yeah it's my
dopamine yeah if I'm gonna have an
addiction at least it's gonna be some
some awesome community attached yeah
that's what I'm saying is like you seem
to enjoy having all these little puzzles
yeah those little things going on yes
absolutely
the puzzles are important to keep you
alive keep you irrelevant keep you fresh
yeah goals pause yes goals deadlines
harvest yeah yeah yeah harvest is great
because it's not up to you right you're
half that you're marching to the beat of
a whole different drummer at that point
and how do you schedule touring do you
do you schedule touring directly by when
your harvest season is and how the the
wineries yeah I mean luckily with with
tool we're popular enough to where we
can we can get offers we can do the
touring you know anytime during the year
nothing's gonna really adjust or affect
how you know what weed what we make is a
living for doing that touring something
my Puscifer way harder puzzle much it
seems smaller seems like it's not on the
same scale but in a way it's a more
difficult scale because there's less
margin for error
so when we tour with that and have to be
a very specific way we do it because you
got to make sure
we don't pay to do it I just just
started thinking about that thing you
did was it Ronda Rousey and who else was
in my what else that guy you said was
president oh that guy that's right Trump
was in it yeah oh I bet my balls and
lost what year was that those 15 those
before the elections yeah oh yeah I was
like right when he announced that he was
around the time yeah yeah what the fuck
is he doing
yeah did you get all the different Ronda
Rousey versions no I look like I know
we've got um miss miss Krissy cyborgs in
there we have a Miss Holly Holm we have
cat Zingano we have me we have Ronda I'm
the hot one it's all arias no again
where do you have the time to do this I
didn't mean is that these are friends of
mine who did the whole video I go here's
what I have in mind and they were like
okay we'll do it
I don't mana mate I have no idea how to
animate you got a lot of shit for this
uh not really
I mean cuz it's just pure it's you know
it's just pure comedy but it's like it's
not you know whatever I'm not you know I
I'm political to a point
only when it's like when it comes to
assholes so I don't like most
politicians are easy targets because
they're you're already know they're
lying brother speaking so that they're
just it's good comedy right away I think
the best comedy we've had in many years
his pen Trump cuz he just he sets him up
for you he does but it's almost it's
it's what he's doing is so strange
because he's not even pretending to be
what we think of as a president like
he'll attack people on Twitter yeah like
he it's weird crazy it's weird like I
wonder if the thing we talked about the
400-year line okay this is me going back
to conspiracy theories and there's no I
just didn't sneak in yet nobody's
working right now all right
so class right I feel like it's almost
like that
is the distraction to keep us all
divided and keep us all guessing what
the fuck's going on on purpose yeah
maybe maybe you know if you're if you're
a good if you're good conspiracy
theorist
you're gonna put those connections
together look look the every show that's
ever gone like okay well we find out
that there's just meteor speeding toward
Earth we can't tell anybody
hmm so if there's anything weird like
that going on like there's a there's a
fungus that's gonna kill everybody
don't tell me just cambree arguing get
them like you know distracted by you
know you know football hey who's which
who's your team football all right
you know just the bread and circus of it
all mm-hmm you get caught up and having
you know having food and some gladiators
and you forget about your civic duty
right that would have to be orchestrated
by some genius component of our
government that doesn't see us and if I
think it's accident I don't think
anybody I don't think advice pulling the
strings I think it's just like part of
the progression of what happens okay so
it happened the kali-yuga madness yes
yes just so just it because of the
natural progression of where things are
going it just comes out as a symptom
that makes more sense to get that that
that makes more sense to me than this
grand conspiracy
I don't think there's I don't think
anybody is that organized no I don't
think so yeah no no I think there's
chaos going on a people capitalizing on
that chaos and I definitely think
there's lying and I definitely think
there's conspiracies but I think more
than anything it's just this is the way
the world is turning right now because
of just how society is set up and how
disconnected we are to the natural world
and how connected we are to the digital
world and it's and there's I don't think
there's any way out but I think in the
interim I feel like at an attempt to
reconnect is gonna help I think
generally generationally there's a way
out the problem is for our generation I
don't know if there's a way out you know
I think especially people like us that
grew up without any sort of internet and
then have watched it transform and
completely take over the world whereas
the idea of a world without internet is
impossible to us it doesn't even compute
but we grew up without it
so what happened well we were taken over
were taken over by some sort of digital
entity I don't think for us I think that
this world has to be figured out by the
people that recognize that we've fucked
up like we were talking about learning
from mistakes learn from other people's
mistakes well they're gonna learn from
our mistakes they're gonna learn from
our mistakes and they're gonna see
people who grew up just like I mean just
like every other really fucked up part
of human civilization that people have
managed to overcome and avoid whether
it's slavery or war with bows and arrows
like they've figured out like that was
not the way to do it let's move past
this let's figure out what the folly of
our ancestors was and let's let's adjust
accordingly I agree with them long as we
don't poison the earth long as we don't
make Satan if you're in Arizona that's a
hot spot what actually hot I believe any
a lot of water there yep lots of water
where you are what just in general
Arizona has water that's what you know
you drive by those lawns and pools and
Riverside and Palm Springs that's
Arizona water is it really yeah I
thought that shit was like called a
filter yeah yeah you have all the
mountain ranges around Arizona and down
through Colorado all that kind of
filters that way and that's that the
Salton Sea that's all because of that
Colorado your fuck around with that
place Jan just went through there she
showed me a bunch of photos it's pretty
amazing
that's insane most people don't even
know what it is there is an amazing
documentary on it
chichay how it just she just she just
bought it so I'm gonna watch it what's
fucking crazy that used to be a place
where everyone from Hollywood went like
you they called the Inland Riviera like
California's Riviera and they would go
there and Sonny Bono while he was alive
was trying to figure out a way to
detoxify the water and pass bills
because a lot of it is runoff from the
agriculture from North yeah it's crazy
the people that live around there just
it's just a rotten wasteland
look at that all the dead fish the
there's seat around the sea there are
it's like sand but it's white and it's
not sand it's actually the bones of dead
fish but it's so prevalent that you
would think that it's sand what a crazy
ass place that is that's one of those
places great it's worse all the time and
apparently if you're in Palm Springs
during certain times of the year it
wafts over and hits you Millie they have
dead zones where millions of tilapia
will just wind up on the beach dead and
just rotting and smelling through you
know the grasshoppers in Vegas yes it's
crazy that's a Bible yeah it's in the
Bible that is the slope radar
that's what locusts are locusts are
grasshoppers yes so the Jesus is trying
to tell us something
stay out of agus or don't you can eat
grasshoppers to this yeah tasty forgot
about that part yeah well we will find a
way to survive so you guys have those
javelinas an area oh yeah how's that
creepy little fucker isn't it yeah that
will tear up an entire vineyard in one
night
Oh will they really yeah they're crazy
it's like that you see the lot of guys
in Texas that the boar are like running
wild and they'll give you permits in a
helicopter you go over the boar herd
that's just destroying agriculture I
still go over and though they'll try to
fit him out but it's yeah it's just no
there's no stopping it we don't have
that much of a problem with the javelina
in Arizona but it is a problem yeah well
that's at least a wild natural animal it
was introduced javelina was yeah really
yeah I didn't know that yeah by who
what piece of shit brought that goddamn
thing I had no idea I don't know but it
wasn't it's not native to the area was a
broad a nice that's I that's what I was
told
oh so I know that by its a peccary it
looks like a pig but it's a peccary
which is like her cousin to a pig
I got a rat or something yeah yeah it's
Wayne a rat a pig
Doug Stanhope lives down in Arizona and
he said his neighbor's dog got killed by
a pack of javelina yeah because the
problem was the dog chased the javelina
the male flipped around while they while
the kids and the
other part of the hurt took off and he
went well and he like gored him yeah cuz
I we had a we had a dog origin Tina that
almost died because a big dog and that
and that little that's a little they all
have a you know whipped around and
that's like trying to fight Mike Tyson
it's like it's this compact thing yeah
with spikes they're a really unusual
animal to hunt because they respond to
calls the way you wish animals would
respond to a call like if you're trying
to call on an elk and you know man
man they're like hmm maybe I'll come
over there is that a chick looking for
some dick yeah they'll get close and
they'll don't try to figure out which
way the winds blowing with a javelina
what you do is you make these sounds
like a wounded animal like to have these
little predator crawls where it's like
well you're making something like it's
like something's writhing in agony and
making noises and they sprint towards it
and then when they realize that it's not
what they want they try to turn around
that's when you shoot them right but
they run like no other animal to a
predator because they live in this
horrible environment the desert and it's
all mountain lions and jaguars and
whatever the fuck else lives out there
yeah they're weird - you see them and
that there's a silhouette and then they
turn and they're like thin you're like
what the fuck is that like so if you try
to shoot it head-on the bullet is gonna
bounce off that skull they turn and you
can like the side shots the way to get
it but like there's like a flounder yeah
it really is are weird
it's a fucking strange he's a is that a
introduced animal it says that it
migrated from like South America and
Mexico up over a couple centuries but
hmm and maybe someone brought it up
first
well the pigs are the pigs have only
been here since the 1500s the Spaniards
those crazy Europeans they brought them
over here for food well just let these
pigs go no one's gonna care hey next
thing you know they're in almost you
know I think they're in every single
County in Texas yeah and they're making
their way across the country just
devastating things yeah they're in San
Jose and Silicon Valley people's lawns
getting torn up by wild pig populations
yeah I'm not cool but the tasty if you
hit them right there that they have that
that
the gland you like you process it wrong
and it's that good you just got to know
what you're doing just don't fuck around
with their their glands just like men
you know please leave my glands away
alone but your that desert environment
such an interesting thing because you
think it's desolate you think but it's a
really thriving ecosystem yeah that
really are like just the simple things
like our herbs and the tomato is things
like that they just they thrive yeah
they're very aromatic the Basil's and
the Rosemary's and things it's just
really intense intense stuff what kind
of tomatoes do you grow to grow like an
heirloom style of tomato well that
doesn't really grow well the ones that
really do well in our greenhouses with a
little like the cherries or a little
pear Tomatoes those little smaller you
know smaller versions of tomatoes they
do really well why do they do better
than the ALM ones I think that they're
as far as flavor I like them and I think
it's because just the size the skin
contact
how much more compact they are there's
just more flavor in one tomato rather
than the pulp being the flavor I would
imagine the skin in the outer part is
actually more of the flavor than just
the pulp
I gotta get a greenhouse I really do
that's something I've been thinking
about a lot lately cuz I I've had
vegetables like when I said I just got
back from Italy
god damn they're tomatoes taste good
yeah I mean you realize that tomato is
actually a fruit yeah and it tastes
great
they're amazing but you get a tomato
over here from the grocery store and it
might as well be a tennis ball I mean
it's it bounces like a tennis ball at
lasts this lasts for tomatoes don't you
know we picked them because we're gonna
eat them today more oh yeah that's the
way to live man that's how people are
supposed to live this goddamn waiting
forever to eat your food while it just
sits on a shelf is nonsense yeah it's
like yeah I got I got used to that now
that we have the the greenhouse is going
for the last couple years it's like you
get that stuff that's what we're making
do you have well water we're on the
around the spring that comes down from
Minges Mountain so Jerome is on on
spring water and then we have well down
on the
sites so your tap water spring water mmm
Wow
so do you have does anybody add anything
to it probably because it's a it's it's
a talent so they try to treat it just to
be safe
yeah unfortunately Sarada we had a well
we have - we have three wills i site has
its own well as you get spring water we
have a bitch rights because we have the
you know we have the oak creek and
that's that's at the page spring is
right there so we have water dish right
so we actually irrigate the vineyard on
those but i went ahead and put in a well
on every one of them just as a back-up
plan did you get a guy with the stick
trying to figure out where the the water
is a diviner guy is that she at work
worked for us how is that real I don't
know I had a buddy of mine a bill to
well and his property and he had the guy
come over with the stick I'm like I
can't talk to you anymore I want got
that I want to say like they know that
there's a general area where the water
is yeah there's some dude with a cell
phone and the corner go watch watch this
you think I think it's right here but
it's the thing it's a lifetime lot of
practice but I've seen it I've seen I've
seen it done we're like he's just
walking around on said boy it just goes
down like oh really
let's go here yeah how the fuck can that
possibly be where you don't know it's
good here it is here's this guy it's
called water witching water with all its
witchcraft look at this guy fuck this
guy look at the way he's moved his hands
fuck her too she's full of shit - look
at him oh I ain't even done ready to be
controlling this right here right here
okay shoot shoot the fuck out of here
with that
that's nonsense that's like three-card
Monte hey asshole I've drilled four
wells and they'll burn or fourth would
you just try to drill a well out of the
fucking blue just somewhere yeah ten ten
paces right here BAM oh well we're under
can of network of Wells yeah the only
thing I worry about Wells is every movie
where there's bad people they always
throw the bodies in a well like the
Larson's Tarantino he can't really fit
the body down that no that's 8 edge
kissing pink but you can try I mean
those people that have yourself a limb
meat grinder or some hogs guess you're
good
remember the well baby the kid that fell
down the well it took like days to get
him out
mm-hmm Jessica yeah yeah it was her
right yeah I said him yeah and she
eventually became like a hot hot broad
here's another guy doing it he's calling
this is called a dowser I might be might
be multiple names divorce whether I'm
not mustering this guy is a bottle of
water on the ground he's like proving
well how about we put a bottle of water
where he doesn't know where it is yeah
there's lines yeah blind him right look
he's moving his arms
this guy's a dipshit he's like the worst
magician ever he's really like moving
czar nothing under my feet presto watch
his hands fuck you fuck you Melvin Jon
Baker professional dowser
a professional hoser he's a hoser this
guy John if you're listening I'm sorry
I'm just this is comedy I'm sure you're
real I'm sure you would do what you're
doing is real bro let me see let me see
your hands let me see your hands let me
see your hands
what oh Jesus look at it it's moving
down with my coincidentally my hands are
thrusting down at the same time yeah
nonsense he's a professional dowser
what's the name of the religion they
have the snakes that bite him in the
face
Pentecostals yeah those are my favorite
those are the folks that talk in tongues
mm-hmm there's no Pentecostals talk in
tongues I'm thinking I'm conflating them
I don't think they necessarily the snake
Hamblin well I was I was raised Southern
Baptist and we did some tongues did you
oh yeah sigh my mom my ding dong you
have to do that like that one really I
didn't say it like that because that
would be you know was his name is it
Robert Paulson is that the guy he's like
the slicked-back hair preacher he does
that he'll just be on in the middle of
talking about Robert Tilton
yeah that's right
[Laughter]
one of my all-time favorite quotes every
time you write a check to me Satan gets
a black eye
that's easy farting preacher yes yeah
that's him
yeah yeah that's good he's a dowser as
well yes he's out there in the backyard
with some sticks you have a flight to
head back to your farm yes sir I think
you have to leave quite quite so and
pretty soon so congratulations on the
release of the tool entire library
streaming everywhere congratulations on
your vineyards and your wine and your
yoga studio and your jiu-jitsu studio
and my new boy toy wagon crayon company
and helicopter farm whatever is there
anything else you need to tell everybody
about before we got here I don't know
man
I'm just so excited we finished this
record well listen man it's always great
to see you even ever briefly next time
I'm gonna come to your place and eat
okay tell me when is a good time and
we'll figure it out and I'll I'll fly
the missus up there and we'll get some
food and some more lutely
all right appreciate you brother thank
you thank you bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]